Valuesoft is a nimble footed IT company based in irvine, CA with diversified IT solutions.We offer High Quality IT Consulting Services, Mobile and Web Application Development, Production Support, Business Technology Services, Professional Staffing services and High Quality Corporate level IT Training from startup firms to the largest companies around the globe.

Our clients chose us for our expert knowledge on technology, domain and professionalism in the work and the most important factor is 100% customer support process.We’re here to help you optimize performance and increase productivity & profitability, focus on your core business, and respond to growth opportunities.

All benefiting from our lifecycle IT solutions, delivered artifacts thru complete processes which are at CMMI Level 3. These include Analysis, Design, Development, Migration, Testing, warranty for develierables, and maintenance; We have also proven lots of small business customers to increase the Website traffic using our SEO methodologies with low monthly recurring charge.We have client specific secured development center and 200% confidentiality maintained on client’s intellectual property.We always choose the right platform for each business need of our customers while being agnostic to technology.

Also, the ability and expertise to handle every technology with equal ease is our specialty.

why we are
 Customised service
Recognising that each business has unique IT requirements, our experienced consultants take the time to listen, carefully analyse your business’ needs and fully understand your processes. With a diverse range of skills and experience, our team translates your business requirements into a software design specification for a system that is as intuitive and as user-friendly as possible, and one that is designed to grow with your business.

 Innovative Solutions
Valuesoft is more than just a software development company – our knowledge and systems development expertise is second-to-none. You can be assured that we use the latest technology and web application / design techniques to provide you with the most cost-effective and innovative IT solutions.

 Proven Track Record
Valuesoft has a proven track record in providing quality, cost-effective IT solutions to our growing list of local and overseas clients. Our flexible approach and resourcefulness has delivered success in many industries including Finance, Transport, Legal, Media, Manufacturing and Health. Discover more about our industry experience and read some of our valuable client case studies.

 Superior Support and Maintenance
A quality support and maintenance service is critical to any business. Valuesoft is proud to provide client care, support and maintenance to ensure the ongoing smooth operation of your business. In doing so, our high level of client satisfaction is maintained, as evidenced by the repeat business we have. We not only provide support and maintenance services for applications that we build, but also for your existing applications.

Phyloshopy
Canvas takes a unique, technology agnostic approach to consulting engagements. Our clients recognize the value of our integrated approach that leverages both domain and technical expertise to devise the right solution for your career needs as a Business Analyst, Project Manager, Quality Assurance or Data Analyst Professional in the IT industry!
For our Fortune 500 clients our promises remain:
  Reliability:
 We understand that our clients depend on a firm that will come through for them every time, without fail. We live with this philosophy and create a client provider relationship where you as our client can depend on us for any technical need.
 Flexibility:
We let you hire away our best talent at no additional fees after six months of Phyloshopy
 Guarantee: 
We not only provide our clients with best technical resources we also stand behind every placement with a guarantee. We offer a one week performance guarantee for our candidates, which mean that we charge our clients with the first week of work only after the client, is satisfied with the performance of the consultant, otherwise we replace the candidate without any charge to the client and eat up the first week’s cost. But if you like the consultant provided by us, and would like to keep the consultant for the project; we will charge you from the first day.
 Cost: 
Our rates are extremely competitive. We incur all costs to recruit a candidate, and there is never any cost to our clients for us to work on an opening- we are only paid when we have found you that perfect candidate.




Services
Application Development
Value oft Technologie offer Application...

Web Solutions
Having a dynamic and functional web pre ence i...

Managed Services
Value oft Managed Service Practice i de igned...

Project and Program Management
We provide con ultancy ervice and even entire...

Educational Services
Azure and Cloud computing Micro oft Azure...

Search Engine Optimization
Having a web ite that i not brow ed i not doing...



contact info
USA-Washington
2018 156THAVENUE, NE, SUITE# 252, BELLEVUE, WASHINGTON-98007

949-534-2000

USA-California
7545 Irvine Center Drive, Ste 200 Irvine,CA-92618

949-534-2000

India-Hyderabad
Plot No: 1-98/9/31, Sahiti’s Ram Kuteer,
Beside Pamidi Towers , Jaihind Enclave Road,
Madhapur, Hyderabad – 500081 India

Contact
949-534-2000, 949-534-3012

949-534-3014, 949-534-3016

Email : info@valuesofttechnologies.com